more easy to change mode，and add `z` to undo (#3961)
microsoft/vscode-docs: docs/python/jupyter-support.md

![Delete a code cell](images/jupyter/native-code-cells-06.png)

> ### Undo what you done last

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### Undo your last change
```

> We can use `kbstyle(z)` to undo what you done last, for example, you can have your carelessness deleted cell be undone. 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
You can use the `kbstyle(z)` key to undo your previous change, for example, if you've made an accidental edit you can undo it to the previous correct state. 
```
